com.android.chrome-Chrome-Communication
com.android.vending-Google Play Store-none
com.blackboard.android-Blackboard Learn-Education
com.cabify.rider-Cabify-Maps & Navigation
com.claroColombia.contenedor-Claro-Tools
com.davivienda.daviplataapp-DaviPlata-Finance
com.defianttech.diskdigger-DiskDigger Photo Recovery-Tools
com.duolingo-Duolingo-Education
com.dylvian.mango.activities-Mango-Lifestyle
com.facebook.katana-Facebook-Social
com.facebook.orca-Messenger-Communication
com.google.android.apps.docs-Google Docs-Productivity
com.google.android.apps.maps-Google Maps-Travel & Local
com.google.android.apps.translate-Google Translate-Tools
com.google.android.apps.unveil
com.google.android.calendar-Google Calendar-Productivity
com.google.android.gm
com.google.android.gm.exchange
com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox
com.google.android.inputmethod.latin
com.google.android.tts
com.google.android.webview
com.google.android.youtube-Youtube-Video Players & Editors
com.infraware.office.link
com.king.candycrushsodasaga-Candy Crush Soda Saga-Casual
com.microsoft.office.excel-Microsoft Office Excel-Productivity
com.microsoft.office.outlook-Microsoft Outlook-Productivity
com.microsoft.office.word-Microsoft Office Word-Productivity
com.microsoft.skydrive-Microsoft Skydrive-Productivity
com.naranya.claroapps-Claro Apps-Tools
com.neuralprisma-Prisma-Photography
com.pinterest-Pinterest-Social
com.Project100Pi.themusicplayer-Pi Music Player-Music & Audio
com.rsupport.rs.activity.rsupport.aas2
com.sec.android.app.samsungapps
com.sec.android.app.voicenote
com.sec.app.samsungprintservice
com.sec.spp.push
com.skype.raider-Skype-Communication
com.spotify.music-Spotify-Music & Audio
com.trello-Trello-Productivity
com.ubercab-Uber-Maps & Navigation
com.ubercab.eats-Uber Eats-Food & Drink
com.venticake.retrica-Retrica-Photography
com.waze-Waze-Maps & Navigation
com.whatsapp-WhatsApp-Communication
uk.co.aifactory.chessfree-Chess Free-Board
